date: August 30, 2016
meeting_type: "group"
attendance: [tmweppne, wesleycs, zmwieand, daviddob, brijeshr]
absent: [NONE]
excused_absences: [NONE]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: <tmweppne>, progress: NONE},
  {ubit: <wesleycs>, progress: NONE},
  {ubit: <zmwieand>, progress: NONE},
  {ubit: <daviddob>, progress: NONE},
  {ubit: <brijeshr>, progress: NONE},
  ]
issues: [NONE]
Notes:  | 
	| Decided on web-app based product
	| Had decided on using google keep for meeting minutes
	| Decided to use node for the backend framework
	| Decided on minimalist interface
	| Discussed prototype
	| Set up git ripo
	| Added everyone to ripo
	| Decided on materialize css
	| Bought tutrhq.com
____________________________________________________________________________________________

date: August 31, 2016
meeting_type: "group"
attendance: [tmweppne, wesleycs, zmwieand, daviddob, brijeshr]
absent: [NONE]
excused_absences: [NONE]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: <tmweppne>, progress: NONE},
  {ubit: <wesleycs>, progress: NONE},
  {ubit: <zmwieand>, progress: NONE},
  {ubit: <daviddob>, progress: NONE},
  {ubit: <brijeshr>, progress: NONE},
  ]
issues: [NONE]
Notes:  | 
	| Flushed out design for Student and Tutor UI design
	| Assigned tasks to each member for TUTR mk1
	|	-Dave: Server setup, Tutor UI design
	|	-Brijesh: Tutor UI design
	|	-Zach: Student UI design
	|	-Tim: Sign Up UI design
	|	-Wes: Login UI design 
______________________________________________________________________________________________


date: September 5, 2016
meeting_type: "group"
attendance: [tmweppne, wesleycs, zmwieand, daviddob, brijeshr]
absent: [NONE]
excused_absences: [NONE]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: <tmweppne>, progress: created outline of Sign Up page},
  {ubit: <wesleycs>, progress: created outline of Log In page},
  {ubit: <zmwieand>, progress: created rock solid Student UI},
  {ubit: <daviddob>, progress: Set up server},
  {ubit: <brijeshr>, progress: NONE},
  ]
issues: [Wasn't able to fully set up server because we were missing a VGA chord]
Notes:  | 
	| Made last change to UI design
	| Talked to Jesse about demoing in his cse115 class spring semester 2017
_______________________________________________________________________________________________


date: September 12, 2016
meeting_type: "TA"
attendance: [tmweppne, wesleycs, zmwieand, daviddob, brijeshr,ak229]
absent: [NONE]
excused_absences: [NONE]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: <tmweppne>, progress: NONE},
  {ubit: <wesleycs>, progress: NONE},
  {ubit: <zmwieand>, progress: NONE},
  {ubit: <daviddob>, progress: NONE},
  {ubit: <brijeshr>, progress: NONE},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <ubit2>, issue: Needs to contact customer to clarify requirements that have not yet been dicussed.},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, issue: After discussing with the TA it turns out that this problem is NP-Complete.}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
	| Added Abhishek to Slack cannel 
	| Discussed video portion of the project
	| Added Abhishek to ripo
























