date: September 12, 2016
meeting_type: "TA"
attendance: [tmweppne, wesleycs, zmwieand, daviddob, brijeshr,ak229]
absent: [NONE]
excused_absences: [NONE]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: <tmweppne>, progress: NONE},
  {ubit: <wesleycs>, progress: NONE},
  {ubit: <zmwieand>, progress: NONE},
  {ubit: <daviddob>, progress: NONE},
  {ubit: <brijeshr>, progress: NONE},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  {ubit: <ubit2>, issue: Needs to contact customer to clarify requirements that have not yet been dicussed.},
  {ubit: <ubit6>, issue: After discussing with the TA it turns out that this problem is NP-Complete.}
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
	| Added Abhishek to Slack cannel 
	| Discussed video portion of the project
	| Added Abhishek to repo