date: October 10th, 2016
meeting_type: Group
attendance: [tmweppne, wesleycs, zmwieand, daviddob,brijeshr]
absent: [NONE]
excused_absences: [NONE]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: <tmweppne>, progress: worked on frontend},
  {ubit: <wesleycs>, progress: front end},
  {ubit: <zmwieand>, progress: helping wes with front},
  {ubit: <daviddob>, progress: ruled out ionic},
  {ubit: <brijeshr>, progress: 403 page},
  ]
issues: [NONE]
Notes:  |NONE
	|zach & wes fixing 404's
  |using cordova not Ionic
  |dave working on mobile
  
