date: September 5, 2016
meeting_type: "group"
attendance: [tmweppne, wesleycs, zmwieand, daviddob, brijeshr]
absent: [NONE]
excused_absences: [NONE]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: <tmweppne>, progress: created outline of Sign Up page},
  {ubit: <wesleycs>, progress: created outline of Log In page},
  {ubit: <zmwieand>, progress: created rock solid Student UI},
  {ubit: <daviddob>, progress: Set up server},
  {ubit: <brijeshr>, progress: NONE},
  ]
issues: [Wasn't able to fully set up server because we were missing a VGA chord]
Notes:  | 
	| Made last change to UI design
	| Talked to Jesse about demoing in his cse115 class spring semester 2017