date: October 3rd, 2016
meeting_type: TA
attendance: [tmweppne, wesleycs, zmwieand, daviddob,brijeshr]
absent: [NONE]
excused_absences: [NONE]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: <tmweppne>, progress: User stories},
  {ubit: <wesleycs>, progress: working with Ionic },
  {ubit: <zmwieand>, progress: finished report an issue},
  {ubit: <daviddob>, progress: finished researching Auth0},
  {ubit: <brijeshr>, progress: pushed Node to repo},
  ]
issues: [NONE]
Notes:  |templating 
	|page for class registration ->Tim
	|zach continue with redoing frontend
	|how to port auth0 to mongo
	|redo tim & wes frontend with jade



