date: October 22nd, 2016
meeting_type: Group
attendance: [tmweppne, wesleycs, daviddob, brijeshr, zmwieand]
absent: [NONE]
excused_absences: [NONE]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: <tmweppne>, progress:working on school list for index},
  {ubit: <wesleycs>, progress:working on making front end fully responsive and fixing css},
  {ubit: <zmwieand>, progress:working on tutr frontend support},
  {ubit: <daviddob>, progress:built basic android wrapper for tutrhqmobile},
  {ubit: <brijeshr>, progress:worked on backend database calls and schema for tutr side}
  ]
issues: [NONE]
Notes:  |NONE
	|
