date: October 10th, 2016
meeting_type: Group
attendance: [tmweppne, wesleycs, zmwieand, daviddob,brijeshr]
absent: [NONE]
excused_absences: [NONE]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: <tmweppne>, progress: css fixes},
  {ubit: <wesleycs>, progress: front page},
  {ubit: <zmwieand>, progress: video and creating endpoint for backend},
  {ubit: <daviddob>, progress: completed Auth0},
  {ubit: <brijeshr>, progress: Database integration},
  ]
issues: [NONE]
Notes:  |NONE
	|email professor and ask if student can be tutr <accept> <decline>
	|dave&brijesh&tim -> ionic
	|zach->tutr ui
	|wes->index.html
