date: September 22nd, 2016
meeting_type: "instructor"
attendance: [tmweppne, wesleycs, zmwieand, daviddob,brijeshr]
absent: [NONE]
excused_absences: [NONE]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: <tmweppne>, progress: NONE},
  {ubit: <wesleycs>, progress: Ionic Research in progress, still looking into some pros/cons},
  {ubit: <zmwieand>, progress: Currently refactoring front end for use with new framework},
  {ubit: <daviddob>, progress: Preparing configuration for deployment tonight},
  {ubit: <brijeshr>, progress: NONE},
  ]
issues: [NONE]
Notes:  |Talked to Jesse about setting up a business bank account, deployment and monitization 
	|Talked to jesse about additional features like using the "Exponential Moving Average" & maybe textbook swaping...
		-Fast changes in quality are weighed more hevily than gradual changes
	|Meeting tonight at 8 with dave to set up server config
	|We want to keep track of info about student and tutor, and past transactions 


