date: September 30th, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [tmweppne, wesleycs, zmwieand, daviddob,brijeshr]
absent: [NONE]
excused_absences: [NONE]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: <tmweppne>, progress: minor frontend fixes },
  {ubit: <wesleycs>, progress: built out the splash page people will see when visiting the site.},
  {ubit: <zmwieand>, progress: updated front end with tutor toggle, created issue tracker and is looking into git integration},
  {ubit: <daviddob>, progress: auth0 decision made, working on ionic authentication currently as well as node authentication},
  {ubit: <brijeshr>, progress: Set up basic NODE JS instance},
  ]
issues: [NONE]
Notes:  |Fixed branhing model issue with a rollback to master
	
